feat: Add gotestmd initial implementation (#2)
networkservicemesh/gotestmd: examples/HelloWorld/README.md

# Hello World Example

> This file will be converted by `go-testmark` into golang [testify suite](https://github.com/stretchr/testify#suite-package).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file will be converted by `gotestmd` into golang [testify suite](https://github.com/stretchr/testify#suite-package).
```

> The file will include only one test because this example doesn't depend on others and others don't depend on this example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file will include only one test because this example doesn't depend on others and others don't depend on this test.
```
